why would the government even be allowed
to have this stuff in their possession
if a higher sentience you know either
didn't want it or wanted it back and I'm
just like I kind of want like oh but the
fact is we do do you believe the US
government is in possession of Time
Machine
craft I think if these things that
crashed are time machines then
absolutely and you think their time
machine I
do aliens could potentially be us in the
future believe in aliens and we are
[__] aliens all the time they can
breathe our air they can have sex with
us they can speak our languages they're
just the suite of characteristics that
scream time traveling future humans Dr
Michael P Masters is a biological
Anthropologist and professor at Montana
Tech University he's written three books
identified flying objects the EXT
tempesto model and recently Revelation
the future human past in these Works he
lays out a theoretical framework that
he's been developing for his entire life
in one that in my opinion best explains
the UFO phenomena that aliens are humans
from the future who figured out time
travel and are coming back to visit us
if you think about how we're actually
evolving as a species their eyes are
sort of slits you're going to you know
have more screen time going forward
senses essential for Hunter Gathering
like smell and hearing matter less than
ever and the gray aliens have very small
noses and ears there's even an
evolutionary concept called called
neoton where a species distant
descendants look like its current
children and gray aliens are constantly
described as child like they were about
the size of the kids they were you know
about 3 ft tall what's more the list of
credential UFO researchers that believe
the time travel hypothesis is endless
Navy Commander George Hoover who held
the top secret clearance for most of his
life admitted that the beings in the
Roswell crash were just time traveling
humans and Herman obber bir the father
of German rocketry and wner Von Bron's
Mentor said that UFOs likely don't
Traverse large distances in space they
jump from one time space coordinate to
another even Spielberg may have included
a couple of time travel related hints
and Close Encounters of the Third Kind
cuz at the end you see the World War II
Pilots come out they haven't aged at all
that's true that's a subtle little hey
these guys are Time Travelers Einstein
was right according to Deadpool Creator
Robert leafield Spielberg said to Robert
in 1993 what's easier to believe that we
are being monitored by aliens from
another world or that we are monitoring
ourselves and studying us from the
future and in a recent Newsweek article
Blink 182 frontman and to the Stars
Academy founder Tom dong said these
things aren't coming from other planets
these things might be coming through
time Paul heinik always said one of Jon
hinck Sons how would they find us and
why would they care they would find us
cuz we're their ANS ancestors why would
they care about this planet unless
they're said to inherit it as for the
craft UFOs themselves May Simply Be time
machines experiencers almost always
report missing time or time anomalies
strong electromagnetism comes off the
craft which as we'll get into makes
sense if these crafts are time machines
and finally many contactees report
having to take chemical rinses in what's
speculated to be antiseptic liquid
perhaps so they don't contaminate the
future with the pathogen that's already
been wiped
out I don't think they're necessarily
doing anything to us I think it's for
them I think it's self-preservation that
something in the future requires them to
sample gametes from the past in this
interview we cover it all how we might
be unwitting participants in an
intertemporal breeding program how the
phenomenon relates to biological
evolution and how the crafts would work
as time machines in a conventional
physics framework we talk about the
nature of time time Loop timeline wars
psychic remote viewing and Mike even
shares his own personal experience with
the future human visitors my eyes went
black and all of a sudden I feel all of
this information coming in my brain and
the other individual standing to my left
occasionally would say did you get that
did you get that I'm like uh-huh uh-huh
and I can see it coming in I have no
idea what it is w and I've talked to
people that have exped it it was almost
like a QR code loed in their brain was
the communication along the way we
dropped New Revelations from David grush
the UFO whistleblower from my last video
that blew the cover on UFO reverse
engineering programs I I talked to
people who really did analyze the stuff
from the real deal stuff and it's super
weird it's like heavy element europium
californium stuff it's like in these
Atomic Arrangements that make like no
sounds so on that note hit subscribe and
converge with your future self as you
watch today's American Alchemist Dr
Michael
[Music]
Masters different parts of the brain
have different activities but you know
that don't
you people you maybe you should
interview
[Music]
me this place is interesting sh where
are we yeah would you bring me back time
for this conversation or something man
feels like it
trippy I'm excited to speak with you
yeah same man yeah even if it isn't a
trip out 1950s D I don't know what
happened we just ended up here so you
wrote you've written three books now two
of which I've read and are fantastic
identified flying objects and the extra
tempesto model and in the second book
you really Pro out kind of the the
theoretical framework for how a lot of
what we consider extraterrestrial
visitors are actually just humans from
the future I think one of the most
remarkable things from your book is you
cite the the free Edgar Mitchell study
it's the largest study um of contactees
abductees experiencers in general the
time they published that study I was
referencing I think they had about 3,500
yeah and it's up about 5,000 now so
they're continuing to bring more data in
and then further analyses might change
some the ways that we look at these
things and you say uh that 52% of the
respondents contact e uh experience
homid like creatures in their kind of
contact experience and then 85% of those
cases with this is what I find
fascinating uh have a friendly
experience friendly or neutral
experience which might show that if they
are sort of future trans temporal humans
or something they show a a care for us
in a way that will maybe help us sort of
Ascend into them or ensure their own
sustenance in a way yeah and what's
another interesting thing you can tease
out of that is the ones who did interact
with less human forms had a more
negative experience and so you kind of
have to break that down as it because it
was scarier is there more ontological
shock when something that looks like a a
giant bug is abducting you that can
control your mind and interact with you
telepathically and give you images and
all of these crazy downloads but it is
interesting that most reported form is
human and you might expect that I think
we talked about this previously where
you might expect that based on where we
are in time because in the same way that
you know here in Los Angeles or wherever
the hell you took me um you have people
that you interact with more who are
local who are here yeah because they're
just there they're closer to you in
proximate Geographic space but it may be
similar with time where you expect to
see people from closer to your relative
time because you're closer to them
whereas these that are maybe the pr
mantis looking humans I don't think
they're actual insects or they would
have six legs by definitions one caveat
but we expect to see them less because
we're one tiny blip on their their radar
it's just we're we're less likely to run
into someone from Malaysia or South
Africa in Oklahoma but we see Oklahomans
all the time because they're just there
yeah North Sentinel Island is a remote
island off the coast of IND and its
people have had minimal contact with the
outside world save for a few encounters
with anthropologists and Christian
missionaries fully clothed pale- skinned
and speaking a foreign language these
people must seem like aliens from
another planet to the North Sentinel e
and if you're the majority of North
Sentinel natives who didn't interact
with these visitors personally you
probably wouldn't believe the ones who
did over time these contact stories
would get relegated to mythology and
lore we might be making the same same
wrong assumptions when it comes to UFOs
and alien contact experiences we have
our own mythological contact stories
that half the population believes while
the other doesn't and we assume these
alien contact experiences are
interactions with beings from another
planet but maybe our so-called alien
visitors aren't from far away they're
from far
ahead just probabilistically the idea
that life and another in a completely
for you know Planet would evolutionarily
converge to look exactly like us or very
similar to us speak our language in many
cases as you you know talk about a lot
of these abduction experiences breath
our all of that it just feels super
unlikely and maybe the the one argument
to that is that you know Dave grush
talked about this they could somehow
they're so Advanced that they could
program something like us it's either
extraterrestrial and we're seeing
bioengineer
beings uh that look similar to us for
ease of communication and acceptance
maybe and that is like almost like an
avatar for the intelligence behind you
know the the ghost behind the ma machine
or whatever there's that possibility I I
suppose and that actually would make
more sense that they were engineered
specifically to look like that and it
wasn't natural if they're trying to make
something that's less jarring to us that
looks and acts more like us just make it
like us make it like us why make it look
like what we're going to look like in
another 20 30 40,000 years tot totally
but I have thought about that idea of
avatars before and it's it's actually a
big uh part of the storyline in my most
recent book Revelation the future human
past where there is some indication that
they're making sort of Ro robotic
Droid avatars whatever you want to call
them but potentially and we're not far
from this technology now biologically
constructed ones where we move away from
moving parts and things that need oil
and can break down to using that
advanced knowledge of genetics and
genetic manipulation something probably
uh centuries Beyond crisper technology
and creating forms that can perform
certain tasks so I I I would agree with
grush in the sense that some of these
could be created but then the question
is who's creating them a quick word from
our amazing sponsor for today's episode
if you've seen our episode mushrooms
aliens you'll remember the finished
mushroom Master the guest of that
episode Taro is aopa he's always been a
big supporter of the show and he's one
of my best friends and he's been nice
enough to sponsor this episode his
company for sigmatic has an amazing new
think starter it's coffee coconut
creamer and mushroom blend the coffee
contains my two personal favorite
mushrooms chaga and Lion's M which are
incredibly good for immunity and brain
function people often ask me Jesse how
are you so cool and calm and smart I'm
just kidding no one asks me that but if
they did I would give a lot of credit to
tarot and his adapted genic mushrooms
they cleanse your gut help you think
clearer relax and perform at your
highest level seriously they've helped
me level up and change the lives of many
of my friends please click the link in
the description and insert discount code
alien for 20% off it'd be a big support
to the show if you did that now back to
the
show
as a species We are Becoming
domesticated the average male sperm
count is just 59% of what it was in 1973
and testosterone has been dropping 1%
year-over-year since the80s so I picked
four cities in the United States that
had different environments and we showed
that pesticide was significantly related
to the men sperm c a wolf is to a dog
what a 19 century human will probably be
to a 22nd century human so infertility
may become a concern in the future and
consistently these aliens seem very
interested in extracting human gamet you
have Antonio vs Boos which you write
about in 57 describing kind of mating
with uh the future human
extraterrestrial being fully doing it
getting busy getting busy and you also
you talk about uh Barney Hill
reluctantly saying that Sean samples
were taken from him uh Jim penniston
rendle Forest incident in 1980 he
recalls a contact experience with
extraterrestrials or future humans that
say they want to maintain genetic
diversity and not get wiped off the
planet and so they specifically need you
know genetic samples from uh current
humans so what's going on are we in some
sort of bizarre intertemporal breeding
program or something I mean you're right
that is one of the most common themes
it's ubiquit across these abduction
cases and and seemingly mostly
throughout the 70s ' 80s 90s you don't
really hear about it as much anymore but
almost every male that was taken would
have sperm extracted females have
developing fetuses implanted taken out
eggs being taken so you you have to ask
why you see these patterns emerge and
you have to ask why and and I think a
lot of what I've tried to do with my
research does not speculate about what's
going to happen where we're going I went
out of my way to avoid that in all of my
books but we can look at what's
happening now and what's happened in the
past and we see a 60% reduction in sperm
counts in males in only the last 40
years in the developed World a 50%
reduction across the entire world a 2011
study showed that average sperm count is
down to 47 million per milliliter below
40 you start having trouble coning
Jesus yeah there's all of these things
that are happening that could contribute
to problems with genetics in the future
and I think that's what they
specifically told Jim penniston they
said we are you uh we come from 8,000
years in the future and yeah that
they're having problems with
reproduction and they're taking these
gtes and and I think not only that but
also the fact that Antonio Vias boes had
physical intercourse with this woman who
he describes as a woman she looks a
little bit different than women that he
knew slightly higher cheekbones pointier
chin but all of the same parts that you
need to have sex with someone would you
get those with a species that evolved on
a different planet would they even have
anything close to DNA could you take DNA
from them so I think all of these things
together indicate that we are the same
species if this hybridization program is
real you have the ability to reproduce
so it it does feel like humans are
becoming sort of domesticated Allah your
you know the sperm count uh stats that
you've cited we are we know we've been
becoming domesticated for about the last
30,000 years especially since
agriculture we have a selection for more
pro-social behaviors when we were
nomadic Hunter gathers we could just
move around some being an [__] we
just go somewhere else but once we
started to settle down in cities there
was obviously a lot of conflict we can
see that in the archaeological record
it's an aspect of biological
anthropology called bioarchaeology and
we still go to war with each other but
we seem to be moving away from that a
lot of it's because we're domesticating
ourselves through the selection for more
pro-social behaviors where we can just
get alone we we have to CU we have nukes
you know it's just mutually assured
destruction it's it's it's cataclysmic
if we continue our sort of ways over the
years humans have collected satellite
data of electromagnetic and geomagnetic
anomalies on Earth and when you start to
cross reference these electromagnetic
anomalies against the significant UFO
instances over the last 200 years you
start to see a ridiculous correlation
according to UFO researcher Steve mea
man we want to try and promote the fact
that euphology consists of so much more
than just a light in the
sky not to mention if you could create a
traversible wormhole that allowed for
time travel you'd see a ton of
electromagnetic Fallout around it as
future American Alchemy guest Eric Wargo
writes a portal or UFO itself as shown
by The Intergalactic wormhole in
interstellar would appear visually as a
cond threedimensional object having
volume not as a hole or doorway and I
remember being at Skinwalker rch which
is this famous kind of paranormal Hots
spot in the uent you know Basin in Utah
and a trifield meter going off right
before we left we grabbed the trifield
meters it had full battery it's flashing
it's now dead because there was a lot of
electromagnetic activity in historically
there's been a lot of electromagnetic
activity there and so are we just
witnessing wormholes or
I I kind of get the sense that many of
these craft are time machines themselves
a lot of the saucer shaped dis shaped
craft have a form consistent with the
function of manipulating SpaceTime so
maybe it it helps in moving through
SpaceTime in some way if they are in
fact our time traveling descendants um
but there might be more going on it
could have something to do with energy
sources or drawing energy from the
environment that helps power the craft
so maybe portal like Skinwalker Ranch
and others with high electromagnetic and
nuclear activity are the launch and
landing pads for UFOs not the White
House lawn vandenbberg or the tarmac at
LAX if UFOs were simply entering our
atmosphere from space you'd probably
expect some sort of electromagnetic
superhighway coming to and from Earth
but if you talk to any SE scientists
trying to pick up communication signals
from space they'll say the same thing
that space itself is remarkably quiet
when I started on interviewing people
that were totally genuine and of course
uncovering the the kind of Legacy
program that I've talked about I mean I
lost a lot of sleep I couldn't even like
conceptualize stuff I mean even for me
my worldview which I consider myself an
open person I had trouble even
understanding it and I went back to the
fmy parado I'm like why isn't there an
overt presence why would the government
even be this how like deep I went like
why would the government even be allowed
to have this stuff in their possession
if a higher sentience you know either
didn't want it or wanted it back or you
know whatever you can make up a bunch of
notional scenarios uh that you know kind
of sounds sci-fi but and I'm just like I
kind of want I'm like well but the fact
is we do do you believe the US
government is in possession of Time
Machine
craft I think if these things that
crashed are time machines then
absolutely and you think they're time
machine I do yeah uh again just the dis
shaped craft because we have this
expression in biology that form follows
function yeah and the form of these
machines seems to indicate the function
of manipulating space time and traveling
forward and backwards I Le and that's
just based on Frank tipler's work not
just it's this whole line of evolution
stemming from Einstein's original 1915
paper you have all of these solutions to
his field equations you have lens and
the frame dragging you have these
solutions that show you can tip over
those light cones through the rotation
of massive objects we've tested this and
shown that even the Earth as a extremely
small planet relative to other
exoplanets also creates this Frame
dragging effect not long after that you
had van stockum you had the godell
universe where you imagine this
infinitely large disc like a imagine a
Galaxy that's infinitely large where
it's creating that same rotational frame
dragging and bending over light cones so
that you can move into the past and then
importantly in the 19 1970s with Frank
tippler that's all shrunk down to the
size that's finite and it's a rapidly
rotating ring sphere or disc as he said
and he shows that you can have all of
these same frame dragging light cone
bending over properties with something
that sounds exactly like a UFO they're
seen rotating they're seen popping in
and out of SpaceTime I mean I'm not
saying our theoretical Frameworks are
correct but we really do have physics
explanations on how how how the uaps
jump around or whatever that's totally
um an effect of an occu bear
style war bubble so that would be light
being blue shifted into the ultraviolet
as it's lensed across the bubble that
the craft creates it's a blue shift not
just in light that takes it up into that
that shortwave radiation area that
causes temporary damage to people but
also time is shifted as a result of that
like everything within that that region
in and around this uh what Jim penniston
called a sphere of influence where he
felt like he was walking through water
like everything within proximity to that
craft was was different it was shifted
so there's a lot of things like that
that indicate that in proximity to these
craft they are manipulating the rate at
which time flows and if you have that
ability what's stopping you from going
back through it but then we take
seriously the accounts these contact
cases where you have things like
Corporal Armando in Chile in the 1970s
where he disappears entirely from the
six men in his platoon 15 minutes later
he reappears but 5 days passed for him
as indicated by the wrist watch which
reads 5 days in the future his beard has
grown out he was just shaven before that
Travis Walton wakes up after his
abduction experience and you know he has
a fully you know beard or whatever he
had shaved right before his experience
yeah and he may have been gone for 5
days that one's harder to corroborate
but it it was shown that the trees in
and around the place he was taken the
ones facing that side grew faster Linda
Jones in Manchester UK she was running
with her children away from this UFO and
the grass was growing rapidly under her
feet as she was running the grass seemed
to move the side of us and in front of
us Amy ryance is probably one of my
favorite cases in this regard because
she was taken her friend Petra watched
her being taken through the window all
of a sudden they get this call that
she's been found at a petrol station 790
km away but what's interesting is she
claims to have been on board that craft
with a man she said specifically an
interview I don't call him an alien I
call him a man he had all the same
physiological characteristics of a man
she claims she was with them for 5 to
seven days clearly they traveled 790 km
to drop her off but also seemingly went
back in time to drop her off closer to
the point at which she was taking and
likely because her friends freaking out
her husband's freaking out the cops
think she was murdered one case one of
my favorite uh Udo wartena he got a tour
he didn't know [__] about UFOs or
electromagnetics of course cuz he's a
minor but they explain that there's
these counter rotating flywheels so it's
like where you have those maglev trains
where it's it's it's above it's a
frictionless surface which is why they
can go so fast and use less energy where
they're they're spinning these flywheels
and then these magnets these
electromagnets are are forcing those
around and something about the counter
rotation of those creates this Electro
magnetic field which I think is
important for their anti-gravity
propulsion and importantly the uh the
manipulation of SpaceTime so do you have
a sense of the current engineering
limitations on our own ability to build
these time machines a if these are time
machines B if we've received them as
crashed or landed Vehicles which was an
interesting thing to hear that's come
out of David gush's testimony is that
seemingly some of them are gifted in
objects that sort of gives us a leg
up um but then it's still this question
of what is time if there's time travel I
I talked to people who really did
analyze the stuff from the real deal
stuff and it's super weird it's like
heavy element um you know europium
californium stuff it's like in these
Atomic Arrangements that make like no
sense you know this is through x-ray
defraction where they can image the shad
Shadows of the atomic Pairs and stuff
and it's like why yeah is all these
crazy heavy elements in this like weird
ceramic
metal Hall structure and it doesn't we
don't understand the emergent
metamaterial properties going we can't
configure atoms you can get down to what
0. 2 nanometers or something as far as
yeah I mean there's certain Tech uh
techniques out there that they're
they're um augmenting some XR of
fraction Technologies we can get down to
subangstrom
but most techniques are like two to angr
you you can't directly image the ATS but
you can see the shadows and
configurations but they're we're getting
to where we could actually image the
atoms it's interesting what comes to
mind when you say the UFOs themselves
are a time machine I've been kind of
really researching this mid-century
inventor named towns and brown and he
was super into ant anti-gravity was kind
of the nominal story of you know he'
create these like super high electrical
charges over short distance say he was
funded by a guy named agnu banson and
banson is quoted as saying very weird
effects occur with high electricity over
over short
distances and you know what's funny is
if you the deeper cut on towns and brown
is he was super into time travel and he
would talk about it with his daughter
Linda and he even had a confidant uh who
I think is written about pseudonymously
in this great book called the man who
mastered Gravity by a guy named Paul
shotkin and his name is Morgan and
Morgan becomes a source for the book and
he's writing to Paul shotkin and Paul's
being a little thickheaded about what
what is the actual machine what are
these gravitator and at some point uh
Morgan kind of blows up and he goes it's
a [__] time machine and so you think
that maybe uh past scientists have
actually figured out time yeah well I
think they figured out that these
machines are time machines Herman Ober
uh said the same thing you have General
George Hoover who also said these are
time machines these are future humans
specifically in the 1940s we didn't have
the technology we didn't have the
comprehension of Material Sciences and
the physics in order to do this but what
I feel is happening is that the visitors
themselves are pushing Us in this
direction or rather pulling maybe is a
better word for it well you have all of
these Congress people who really weren't
paying attention to much of this and I
think it's going to be
disclosure from the ones that have been
hiding from us this whole time I was on
the phone yesterday with Robert Hastings
who wrote UFOs and nukes and he's
telling me that he feels like he's being
sublim subliminally guided you know
towards disclosing and doing his work
and I'd be lying if I were to say I
didn't have sort of similar experiences
personally have you had any experiences
like that I don't think many people are
deep in this unless it stems from
something whether that be a light in the
sky they can't explain or some obscure
memories from childhood of a craft
outside their window or a shadowy figure
at their bed I got into this when I was
8 years old because I had um what I Now
understand was a a moment of conscious
precognition where I visualized together
I talk about this the beginning both my
books uh an early human a modern human
and this archetypal gray alien and then
the thoughts that came with that which I
feel is just now me putting that
information back and past me because I
would eventually do that and then it's
this closed time like Loop of sorts so
that was kind of my motivation and I've
been driven to study Physics and
astronomy and then changed my major to
biological anthropology to study the
humanoid form associated with them
because I was led to do that I remember
the exact moment standing behind Morton
Hall at Ohio University there was this
little voice in my head that said maybe
we should explore it this way maybe
we're all experiencing that you just
don't notice it until you really start
to reflect on the way everything's
connected and and start to put those
pieces together especially with regard
to the synchronicities and who you meet
and when you meet them can you say at
all when you had your future human
contact experience what was communicated
to you well it it's interesting you
asked that specifically because it it
was an intervention I didn't tell
anybody this I was washing dishes at my
sink my wife sitting on the couch and I
just thought you know I'm tired I don't
want to do this anymore yeah I just want
to get this last book done and just kind
of slowly back away from all these
conversations I was traveling a lot
conferences TV shoots I was exhausted
from the UFO topic specifico top I
wasn't like going to go blow my brains
out in a closet or something like I was
just I was tired this I've had that
experience many times you feel it it's
taxi yeah um
so yeah and and I didn't tell anybody I
thought about telling my wife I thought
about being you know what I didn't tell
her I didn't say anything to anyone when
they approached me physically face to
face um this individual there were two
individuals present one pulls up a chair
so close that his knee goes into my
crotch and I have a very strong figh ORF
flight response and it was very much f
fight and and he looks at me in the eyes
and says I can tell you're very upset
about this but I need to be this close
for this to work and all of a
sudden happiness returns next thing he
said is what got in my head a
little he said actually he's not the
right pronoun they it's all they that's
the only pronoun they ever used we and
they there was never a sense of ego or
individualism at all in fact I came away
with this with no sense of ego or at
least a very diminished form of it but
they said we know you've been thinking
about quitting lately and we'd really
prefer you didn't do that and I said how
could you possibly know that I never
told anybody that I never even spoke
those words out loud it was a thought in
my head and they said once you know who
we are you'll know how we know
that and then
telepathically I communicated future
humans and they said so you know how we
did that I said uhhuh and then the
conversation went in a lot of different
directions
the vast majority of it was entirely
telepathic at some point we just stopped
using vocalized speech and even though
there were two individuals all of the
voices were the same voices and that's
the thing that blows my mind the most
and I remember Terry LEL talking about
this when he met Betty Rubble he just
heard her voice in his head in the same
voice if you're not articulating
something it's not vibrating your malus
incus and stapes to send the signal why
does it still sound like that individual
it's mind blood but the three of us are
communicating
telepathically over the course of I
would guess another 10 15 minutes a lot
of other things are exchanged I had
questions they had questions but the
main point of it was that they wanted if
I was okay with it they're very polite
extremely polite
if I was okay with it they said we'll
black your eyes out and give you
three things that will be important at a
future time what were that I I don't
have access to it they told me I
wouldn't have access to it they said we
need to put this information in your
brain if you're okay with it and by this
point it was very clear who they were
their
abilities hive mind Consciousness
interacting in this way I trust to them
and also realized
that in various ways I had been
interacting with them the whole time
that little voice in my head when I
changed Majors a conversation they
referenced yeah uh right before I went
to a conference at race University where
I thought it was just all in my mind
they
referenced that conversation that we had
just prior to me going to this this
conference
so I agreed and that's exactly what
happened my eyes went black I'm still
staring at the same individual in fact
by this point I got very difficult to
turn my head I was kind of just
mesmerized I think that's the word some
Ed my eyes went black and all of a
sudden I feel all of this information
coming in my brain and the other
individual standing to my left
occasionally would say did you get that
did you get that I'm like uh-huh uh-huh
and I can see it coming in I have no
idea what it is wow it's in there yeah I
can't access it I agreed to have it put
there it's like you were partitioned or
something yeah maybe but what's crazy is
the reaction I this was at the beginning
of a conference there's a lot going on
there's a party Halloween party some of
my best friends from the UFO Community
are there we're going to jam Tunes play
music yeah but want to play Travis
Walton's guitar with Micah Hanks for all
this time and I stood up once they
released me from this slowly I could see
this individual again or them in this
manifested form I turn I get up I walk
through it's now a very crowded room of
people from this balcony a woman puts
her hand on my arm and says are you okay
as going like I couldn't lift my head it
felt like it was a 50 lb weight tied to
my forehead I walk out of the VIP room
where this had happened on the balcony
down to my room which is about five
doors away where where is all of this in
a conference hotel in Phoenix Phoenix uh
exact almost exactly one year ago yeah
lay down on the bed lay down backwards
feet still on the the ground and slept
for 13 hours straight wow wake up still
with my feet on the ground still with
all my clothes on and just started
crying uncontrollably not because I was
happy sad confused nothing like whatever
happened did it feel cathartic did you
feel like you were letting out or
anything it was just I just couldn't
control it I cried for hours I had to be
on a panel the next day with a bunch of
people how was that um fine
because um I I went I controlled the
crying I went went and got breakfast
unfortunately was set right by the cash
register where all of these people
gather for their Sunday brunch and I'm
just losing my goddamn mind at this
point and there's all these people
coming walking right I was hoping to be
like back in a corner or something
didn't get that come back to my room
still crying go down to give a book to
an individual who was working at the
registration table and all of a sudden
the same individual kind of materializes
in this empty hallway walks past me put
his hand on my shoulder and says are you
okay I go uh-huh that's all I could say
uh-huh and all of the time this has
happened he just uh-huh like I'm
processing I'm doing what I'm supposed
to I'm getting information the
individual's name or yeah yeah yeah I I
know both of their names but again these
aren't this is what I mean when we talk
about
reconceptualizing what it means to be
human yeah it's not as simple as who as
this individual there you think of them
as I wasn't talking to that individual
their generic emissaries I was talking
to the same day consci yeah that knows
my thoughts enough to reference two very
specific moments of interaction or one
wasn't I was just thinking I don't want
to do this anymore as I'm washing my
damn
dishes they knew that thought yeah so
we're not talking about individuals but
that individual who's a part of this
reappeared as I'm walking through this
hallway takes that
residual whatever it was again it wasn't
negative I wasn't scared by this I
wasn't upset by it I just couldn't stop
crying but I needed to cuz I was on an
important panel about two or three hours
later yeah so it was an effort to sort
of quell the ontological shock if there
was a part of that I it's hard to say
there wasn't but also just whatever was
happening whatever reaction my brain had
to being force fed information in this
way in a very short period of
time in a little primitive monkey brain
that couldn't handle it you so then you
you think they're walking Among Us they
they absolutely are yeah wow that's
pretty wild yeah it is I that one gets a
little deep with people I think there'll
be a gutural response to everything I
just said yeah the walking Among Us
thing I think is a trigger point for a
lot of people yeah maybe that happens at
a later time yeah sure um but I I think
it's an obvious realization I don't
think we even need to say it yeah here's
where things get really trippy everyone
always asks what's the connection
between UFOs and psychic remote viewing
now I know what you're thinking a lot of
the same people that are into one crazy
thing psychic research are going to be
into another aliens but hear me out
there was actually a CIA psychic spy
program to find Russian nuclear bases
and American hostages that ran from 1972
to 1995 it was called star how do you
think you developed your skills for uh
cuz you see really seem to be the best
remote viewer you know maybe ever
functioning itself is a survival
mechanism in the beginning the people
who kept small tribes of humans alive
were Shaman certainly remote viewing is
a thing I mean you saw the government
from the' 70s to at least the '90s
it was Declassified Stargate Russell and
you know off and so the psychic spying
thing was a thing and they had and I've
talked to the you know you know Hal and
those guys and they seem to have you
know many many cases of their Intel
basically being confirmed by traditional
Intel methodologies and modalities a lot
of these psychic spies started to pick
up imagery and Communications from what
they considered alien beings but there's
actually a decent theoretical framework
that connects remote viewing to Mike
Master's future human hypothesis what's
going on in our heads is not an
algorithm it's not following rules Nobel
prizewinning physicist Roger Penrose
hypothesized that maybe the brain is
just a room temperature Quantum system
and that's how it collapses
probabilistic Quantum reality into the
macroscopic discreet classical reality
that we see every day we basically kind
of collapse shers w equation into a
specific IG State and that's done by the
room temperature Quantum system and uh
yeah shout out to a friend of mine who's
super into Roger Penrose and his
theories on this shout out friend shout
out for the friend who loves weird
Consciousness suit you got to introduce
me you holding out on me man guy cool in
one interpretation that's gaining
momentum quantum computers might be able
to send information back in time in
other words they can access their future
knowledge States their there's even been
a lot of research into reversing Cubit
positions in Quantum computations so
maybe these remote viewers brains were
just super robust quantum computers and
maybe they were sending their future UFO
sightings back in time maybe you have
sort of pre-memory of your future
knowledge State and you're glitching
into that with these UFO experiences and
sending the information back in time and
and memory is is works both ways yeah
that kind of explains maybe the
manifestation stuff too it's like
already wow totally it's already
pre-ordained or it's like a it's like a
Time Loop so like a classic example of a
Time Loop is like Carl Young had this
patient who was completely kind of
materialist and inaccessible not woo woo
at all and she comes in and she goes you
know I had this weird dream last night
it was this this golden scarab beetle
was given to me as a gift and as she's
telling the story he sees a a scarab
beetle come down the window sill he
takes it and he gives it to her as a
gift and it and it opens her up and it
makes her you know believe in magic and
in the subconscious and in the power of
you know this this bigger self and
that's the classic example of a Time
Loop because it's something that shifts
your attentional patterns in a slight
way in a way that causes the thing to
manifest if she hadn't said the scar
Beetle story he wouldn't have given her
the stare Beetle and then it caused the
thing to actually happen so maybe the
UFO experience cuz it happens in this
dreamlike State you're sort of glitching
into the future this thing kind of
happens to you in this sort of weird
Quantum reality or whatever but it it
affects your life at the margins in this
way that might cause something else
that's beautiful to manifest oh
interesting yeah I've never heard it put
that way that's pretty cool yeah I don't
know many argue uh again Eric Wargo
argues this in his book time Loops that
remote viewing is really just
precognition that they always want that
deliverable that end thing they always
need to see that and are they just
taking that information and relaying it
back to their past self you have to go
up a level you know go up a level it
says you're wrong about time you're
wrong about space right okay you don't
know where you are you don't know what
time it is in fact you don't know what
time is yeah okay now when I talk to a
physicist like Eric Davis that's what he
tells me he says you know those
Dimensions like space and time they're
arbitrary yeah you know they something
deeper that creates the illusion of
space and time in
humans your your books are so well
argued and so laid out and you have all
these case studies of contact
experiences and you show how uh the kind
of future humans hypothesis is is
probably much stronger than
extraterrestrial hypothesis then sleep
paralysis or hallucinations or all these
other sort of aams Razor explanations
the only issue that I take with it is
this idea of future almost feels like
based on our current kind of myopic
understanding of time and when I went to
jacqu B's place he had books about the
ability to sort of manipulate time and
travel through time and the fourth
dimension and The Fifth Dimension and so
are these beings sort of trans temporal
in nature and maybe they're ascended
versions of us where doesn't just work
the way you know it does you know in our
case and I hate using the the word
Quantum is so overused but there is this
idea of sort of Hilbert space and all
the subatomic spookiness if it does have
to do with time weirdness is there some
layer that we don't quite have access to
and we're living in a kind of a
classical compressed form and so it's
not really future humans it's like
ascended humans or something well I yes
I think so and I don't know if those are
necessarily mutually exclusive and it
could come down to i' never thought
about this before but listening you say
this would kind of make sense that maybe
the same dichotomy where time doesn't
work or exist the way we think it does
because our our
Evolution has forced us into this pigeon
hold reality where we can only
experience it linearly because we have
these brains that have to exist in these
environments that have been trained to
do so but maybe that exists at the
macroscopic level too you know granted
millions of people have purportedly
either seen something or have had some
kind of interaction which you know I
can't tell you either way if that
happened but they believe it right John
Max stuff right and so it's like
prevalent but not prevalent at the same
time and it's this like like little
Shadow game of like showing a little bit
but most of the activity is kind of
below the noise floor and it like drove
me crazy trying to understand like what
is going on on
here reports of flying saucers are
nothing new from the beginning of
recorded time men have been seen
unexplainable things in the sky from
Mesopotamia to Egypt to Roswell people
have seen unexplained objects in the sky
throughout human history which makes
sense because if time travel is possible
in the future that means it's always
been possible past primitive rituals and
tribes often deal with sort of cranial
deformation to make a person look a
little bit more like a a gray alien or
something yeah intentional cranial
modification it's ubiquitous throughout
the world where you're binding their
head with the cranial wrapping or the
cranial boarding like the Maya would
just stick the kid's head between two
boards and squish it and there was even
one group uh a paper by gson and gson
from
1995 where they interviewed them and
said why why do you do this and they
said because our ancestors were
instructed by the gods to do this
more like them so yeah you have to
wonder is there a connection because the
cranial facial form that you get from
this is very reminiscent of what we
understand as part of our cultural
knowledge now as being a part of this
great alien
physiology so continuing from what you
were saying are we safe as like a human
species because I mean I might have
watched too many movies but like let's
say we do have a captive non-human
species somewhere we don't know I don't
know if it's confirmed or not but let's
say we do how do we how how do we know
that they're like kind if not coming
back to yeah I mean we can only you know
through external observation and a
humanistic lens kind of you know see
intent if it's malice or benevolence I
mean I mean if the universe certainly
has a yin and yang so they're certainly
dark with light so they're certainly
going to be some malevolence and at
least some of the things that some of my
interview subjects told me about sounded
malevolent to me but there seems to be a
lot of neutrality and benevolence as
well so I think it's a mixed bag it's
just like humans right are humans are
generally kind but we also kill animals
for food and like if you were a cow
you'd be like these evil humans are
going to chop me up and like you know
eat me so it's but we're not actually
benevolent or excuse me malevolent as a
whole but some lower sentient species
would see us as malevolent intent is
really difficult to pin down especially
cuz as we're talking about earlier
you're talking about intent with a lot
of different groups I think I mentioned
earlier what's the intent of humans you
know you can't just group us together as
one entity and say we all have the same
reason for doing things and the same
behaviors and and you multiply that
across time and there's going to be a
lot of different reasons for doing
things maybe we're in the middle of a
cosmic timeline war on the one side we
have an advanced civilization who have
ascended from us in the future they live
in a trans temporal Dimension a
dimension beyond the bounds of time and
are struggling to communicate with human
beings on the other hand you have forces
wanting to M human consciousness like a
natural resource through distractions
and Engineering tribalism to enslave us
keep us violently scapegoating each
other the cycle continues and they
continue to mine that is I would say the
principal theme in my most recent book
is that exact question the different
timelines the intent who's benefiting
from that timeline over another one
there's a lot of really interesting
questions that stem from that and then
you have you know for the last couple
years you had Ross colart and Frank
Milburn talking about this cataclysm
thing you've got the continuing nut job
in North Korea where he's trying to
demonstrate a capacity to launch icbms
at the continental United States and
then you've got China you've got the
everpresent risk of China also UFOs
showing up more around the creation of
our nuclear programs and attempting to
monitor shut down or in certain cases
activate nuclear facilities would make
complete sense in the context of future
humans trying to maintain their ideal
timeline and maybe even ensure their own
existence every generation thought it
was the last it always thought that this
the end times are coming the end is n
it's sort of this epic cliche throughout
human history but there does seem to be
almost a need for it and I can't help
but wonder if we're on the precipice of
a massive revolution in human
consciousness yeah we either evolve
there together or we
bifurcate and still evolve there but in
a very different way the sacred
knowledge has never been lost only been
covered with myriads of confusion and
complicated whatever is going on but it
is still here humans tend to report
seeing UFOs when they're in certain
heightened States Of Consciousness maybe
that's when they're closest to their
future selves it's like Michelangelo
cine Chapel God's finger is extended to
its maximum but Adam's finger is
slightly contracted the point is that
God is always there but the decision is
left to man to reach out maybe we have
the same relationship with our future
selves and it's on us to reach
[Music]
out the fact that it recorded static
isn't what interest
me continue
what interests me is that it recorded
approximately 18 hours of
it that is interesting isn't
it